you will be working with patients people
doctor when you say people you mean
living people who do want the job don't
you
hi I'm doctor fair I'm by eating for he
then I looked at I was born in 1911 in
Kingsbridge New York prior to July 1955
I recited the Brooklyn Psychiatric
Center New York gets easier you don't
think it will but it does can you hear
me
does he ever speak to you course not
not in words no change day to 911
40-footer your patients doctor haven't
moved in decades what I believe what I
know these people are alive inside but
how do you know that doctor I know it I
just wanted to say to you I preferred
your explanation the 200 milligrams he
showed no response maybe he needs more
maybe he needs less
[Music]
there's there
I don't think that I could deal with
what was 30 years in my life could you
we thought what you'd like to do today
everything I would do all the things
that do people take for granted I'd go
for a walk I'd look at things
[Music]
and talk to people you work here
I live here you don't look like a
patient
I don't girls you're not married me
would you like to go up for a cup of
coffee
[Music]
let that's not waving that swimming
minute
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]